---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Burwood Portal Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Burwood portal terraform provider
This is a custom terraform provider written to interface with the cloudbilling portal REST API, meant to automate the configuration of projects in the portal.

## Examples
Anotated code examples can be seen in the Guide section of this documentation.

## REST API

This provider consumes the Burwood portal's public REST API, as documented here:

https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis-docs/Burwood-Group/burwood_cloud_services/

## Authentication
The portal REST API uses oauth flow. Pass the provide configuration a username and password and it will handle authentication with the REST API from there.

An example of initialization of the provider with input variables is shown:

```
variable "username" {
  description = "Burwood portal username"
  type        = string
} 

variable "password" {
  description = "Burwood portal password"
  type        = string
}


provider "burwoodportal" {
    username = var.username
    password = var.password
}

```

## Data Sources 

### burwoodportal_hierarchy
This data source does not require parameters, and will output an object with this structure:

```

list(object({
    groupname = string
    groupid = string
    departments = list(object({
       departmentname = string
       departmentid = string
       projects = list(object({
          projectname = string
          projectid = string
       }))
    }))
  }))

```

The main purpose of this data source object is to serve as a way to retrieve relations between groups, departments, and projects as well as retrieve the unique IDs for these objects.

## Resources

### burwoodportal_projects

This resource will configure a new project in the portal and give it an initial active budget.
It will be automatically assigned to the given billing account.
If the project already exists, the existing project will be updated with any given fields.

This resource supports creation of a new budget. Simply define a subblock called latestbudget and pass it the fields shown.

A basic example of project configuration with an active budget is shown here,


```
resource "burwoodportal_projects" "YOUR-GCP-PROJECT-ID-EXAMPLE1" { 
   projectid = "YOUR-GCP-PROJECT-ID-EXAMPLE1"
   departmentid  = "DEPARTMENTID" 
   latestbudget {
      ponumber = "12345"
      grant = "grantnum"
      amount = 1337
      state = "Active"
      billingaccountid = "ABCDEF-ABCDEF-ABCDEF" 
    }
}
```




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `host` (String) Desired hostname. Only needed if interactions with non-production environments are desired.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Burwood portal password used for authentication with the Burwood portal REST API.
- `username` (String) Burwood portal username used for authentication with the Burwood portal REST API.


